Audio/vision task guides (#15808)
huggingface/transformers: docs/source/tasks/image_classification.mdx

## Preprocess

Load the ViT feature extractor to process the image into a tensor:

```py
>>> from transformers import AutoFeatureExtractor

>>> feature_extractor = AutoFeatureExtractor.from_pretrained("google/vit-base-patch16-224-in21k")
```

Apply several image transformations to the dataset to make the model more robust against overfitting. Here you'll use torchvision's [`transforms`](https://pytorch.org/vision/stable/transforms.html) module. Crop a random part of the image, resize it, and normalize it with the image mean and standard deviation:

```py
>>> from torchvision.transforms import RandomResizedCrop, Compose, Normalize, ToTensor

>>> normalize = Normalize(mean=feature_extractor.image_mean, std=feature_extractor.image_std)
>>> _transforms = Compose([RandomResizedCrop(feature_extractor.size), ToTensor(), normalize])
```

Create a preprocessing function that will apply the transforms and return the `pixel_values` - the inputs to the model - of the image:

```py
>>> def transforms(examples):
...     examples["pixel_values"] = [_transforms(img.convert("RGB")) for img in examples["image"]]
...     return examples
```

> Use 🤗 Dataset's [`with_transform`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html?#datasets.Dataset.with_transform) method to apply the transforms over the entire dataset. The transforms are applied on-the-fly when you load an image:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use 🤗 Dataset's [`with_transform`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html?#datasets.Dataset.with_transform) method to apply the transforms over the entire dataset. The transforms are applied on-the-fly when you load an element of the dataset:
```

```py

> >>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)

Author: Removing the `image` column after setting the transforms returns the same `KeyError` 🥲

```
>>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)
>>> food = food.remove_columns("image")
>>> food["train"]
Dataset({
    features: ['label'],
    num_rows: 4000
})
```

> >>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)

Reviewer: No, you can specify which columns you want in the output dataset with the `columns` argument:
```py
>>> food = food.with_transform(transforms, columns=["pixel_values", "labels"])
```

> >>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)

Author: I think that's if the input already contains the column `pixel_values` because I get:

`ValueError: Columns ['pixel_values'] not in the dataset. Current columns in the dataset: ['image', 'label']`

> >>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)

Reviewer: Oh, that's not very consistent with the map method. Otherwise you can delete the key in the `transforms` function. It should then be removed from the dataset since `output_all_columns` is `False` by default.

> >>> food = food.with_transform(transforms)

Reviewer: Didn't it work this way?

```

🤗 Transformers doesn't have a data collator for image classification, so you will need to create one to build a batch of examples:

```py
>>> import torch

>>> def data_collator(examples):
...     pixel_values = torch.stack([example["pixel_values"] for example in examples])
...     labels = torch.tensor([example["label"] for example in examples])

> ...     return {"pixel_values": pixel_values, "labels": labels}

Reviewer: I think the default data collator will do this.

Author: I get an error (Could not infer dtype of JpegImageFile) with the `DefaultDataCollator` when calling `train`.

Reviewer: That's because you didn't filter the un-needed columns out of the dataset. If you remove the image column, it should work.

Author: When I remove the image column, then I don't think I can create the `pixel_values` from it. I get a `KeyError: image` when I call `train` and it traces back to the transform function that creates the `pixel_values`.

3. Call [`~Trainer.train`] to fine-tune your model.

```py
>>> training_args = TrainingArguments(
...     output_dir="./results",
...     per_device_train_batch_size=16,
...     evaluation_strategy="steps",
...     num_train_epochs=4,
...     fp16=True,
...     save_steps=100,
...     eval_steps=100,
...     logging_steps=10,
...     learning_rate=2e-4,
...     save_total_limit=2,
...     remove_unused_columns=False,
... )

>>> trainer = Trainer(
...     model=model,
...     args=training_args,
...     data_collator=data_collator,
...     train_dataset=food["train"],
...     eval_dataset=food["test"],
...     tokenizer=feature_extractor,
... )

>>> trainer.train()
```

## Fine-tune with TensorFlow

To fine-tune a model in TensorFlow requires a few minor changes to how you preprocess an image.

<Tip>

If you aren't familiar with fine-tuning a model with Keras, take a look at the basic tutorial [here](training#finetune-with-keras)!

</Tip>

Create a simple preprocessing function to create `pixel_values` from an image. The feature extractor will resize the image:

```py
>>> def process(examples):

> ...     examples.update(
> ...         feature_extractor(
> ...             examples["image"],
> ...         )
> ...     )

Reviewer: ```suggestion
...     examples.update(feature_extractor(examples["image"]))
```

...     return examples
```

Use 🤗 Datasets [`map`](https://huggingface.co/docs/datasets/package_reference/main_classes.html#datasets.Dataset.map) function to apply the preprocessing function to the entire dataset. You can speed up the `map` function by setting `batched=True` to process multiple elements of the dataset at once:

```py
>>> processed_food = food.map(process, batched=True)

> ```

Reviewer: We shouldn't show an example that loads the full image dataset in memory. If we can't make it work with the `with_transform` method, we should ignore it for now.

Author: Would it be better if we used the `set_transform` method instead which doesn't return a new Dataset object? Otherwise, completely agree!
